Update service profile per tech team feedback (#968)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Service/DataTypes/CountryCodeAlpha3.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# CountryCodeAlpha3

## Summary

> A string constrained to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 3 character format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string constrained to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 three-letter format.
```

Use "three" to better separate this from another and immediate "3" in "alpha-3".

Use "letter" instead of "character" to keep the same term with the ISO standard
("Code elements alpha-2 and alpha-3 are formed with LETTERS, num-3 is formed with DIGITS." - page 5 (5.1 Code element formation) / In the standard, the "character" includes "digit")

![5.1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e81595c0-d253-49bf-941e-7b8ec6152e9b)

## Description

> The string must be in the [ISO 3166-1 alpha-3](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso:3166:-3:ed-2:v1:en) format.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string must be in the [ISO 3166-1 alpha-3](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso:3166:-1) three-letter format.  
```

The current URL points to ISO 3166-3 which is "Part 3: Code for formerly used names of countries".

If a specific version of ISO 3166-1 is preferred, can use https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso:3166:-1:ed-4:v1:en which is ISO 3166-1:2020 (latest).
